ISE-183: updated requirements.txt (#150)
openimis/openimis-be_py: requirements.txt

GitPython~=3.1.27
drf-spectacular==0.25.1
django-cprofile-middleware==1.0.5

> # flake8 and django-nose are needed for sonar scan in openimis-be-invoice_py

Reviewer: I think this comment can be less specific. All modules have similar structure and therefore all of them need flake and django-nose. However if that's not the case and both packages are required by invoice_py specifically then se could put them in setup.py in module's repository. 

```suggestion
# flake8 and django-nose are needed for sonar scan in backend modules
```
